c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Cafe Management.exe.config
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Cafe Management.exe
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Cafe Management.pdb
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Bunifu.Core.dll
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe_Management.Form1.resources
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe_Management.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.exe
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.pdb
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe_Management.fTableManager.resources
c:\users\huỳnhphươngduy\source\repos\Cafe Management\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe_Management.Admin.resources
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Cafe Management.exe.config
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Cafe Management.exe
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Cafe Management.pdb
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\bin\Debug\Bunifu.Core.dll
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe_Management.Admin.resources
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe_Management.Form1.resources
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe_Management.fTableManager.resources
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe_Management.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.exe
C:\Users\HuỳnhPhươngDuy\Desktop\CafeManagement\CafeManagement\Cafe Management\obj\Debug\Cafe Management.pdb
